Metadata-Version: 2.1
Name: datadraw
Version: 0.7.1
Summary: Library to produce many kinds of automated, presentable, data-driven 2-D plots, charts, graphs in SVG
Home-page: http://datadraw.org/
Author: Stephen Grubb
Author-email: stevegrubb@gmail.com
License: MIT License
Keywords: plot,plotting,chart,charing,graph,graphing,dynamic,web,2-D,SVG,axis,legend,python,flask,django,categorical,dates,times,datetime,log,log10,automatic ranging,automatic axis,tooltip,image annotation,vector graphics,bar graph,scatterplot,boxplot,beeswarm plot,violin plot,pie chart,Tukey box whisker plot,percentiles,outlier,line plot,heatmap,tooltip,distribution,histogram,Kaplan-Meier,survival plot,chromosomes,business day,trading day,secchi,windbarb,crispr,bioinformatics,biostatistics,biometrics
Classifier: Development Status :: 4 - Beta
Classifier: Environment :: Web Environment
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Developers
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Education
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Financial and Insurance Industry
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Healthcare Industry
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Information Technology
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Manufacturing
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Other Audience
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Science/Research
Classifier: Intended Audience :: System Administrators
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Telecommunications Industry
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: MIT License
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3.6
Classifier: Topic :: Internet :: WWW/HTTP :: Dynamic Content
Classifier: Topic :: Internet :: WWW/HTTP :: WSGI :: Application
Classifier: Topic :: Multimedia :: Graphics
Classifier: Topic :: Multimedia :: Graphics :: Presentation
Classifier: Topic :: Scientific/Engineering :: Visualization
Classifier: Topic :: Scientific/Engineering :: Information Analysis
Classifier: Topic :: Scientific/Engineering :: Medical Science Apps.
Classifier: Topic :: Software Development :: Libraries :: Python Modules
Classifier: Topic :: Utilities
Description-Content-Type: text/plain
License-File: LICENSE.txt

 DataDraw is a python function library class to produce many kinds of automated, 
presentable, data-driven 2-D plots / charts / graphics / image annotations in SVG.
It's an all-python server-side solution, producing SVG results that can be
embedded directly into html web pages or saved as .svg image files.  
No javascript, css, or svg knowledge is required.

Axis and legend rendering, tooltips, linkouts, automatic ranging, basic statistics, 
draw primitives.  Handles numeric, log, categorical, and datetime data types.
Leverages SVG's fonts, colors, transparency, image handling, and other aspects.
Works well within frameworks such as Flask or Django.  
Limited interactivity / reactivity use-cases.

Tested on linux python 3.6 and 3.9 using recent browser versions; believed to be thread-safe.

 
